{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17820\viewh15680\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 Affectiva-MIT Facial Expression Dataset (AM-FED) ReadMe:\

\b0 \ulnone \
=================================================\
\

\b \ul The Dataset:\

\b0 \ulnone \
This dataset consists of 242 facial videos (168,359 frames) recorded in real world conditions.  This dataset includes videos (.flv and .avi), FACS labels, facial landmark locations, self-report labels and processed data.\
\
=================================================\
\

\b \ul Folders\

\b0 \ulnone \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 Videos - FLV: \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0  - Original flash videos recorded using our online framework.  Video resolution: 320x240, frame rate = 14fps.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 Videos - AVI: 
\b0 \

\b  
\b0 - .avi version of the the videos. Video resolution: 320x240, frame rate = 14fps.
\b \
\
AU Labels:
\b0  Action unit and behavior labels for each video.  First column indicates the time at which the coding changed.  Remaining columns correspond to each action/behavior with the value in each row corresponding to the average coding of whether that action/behavior was present (e.g. 1= all agree action was present, 0 = all agree action was not present, 0.66 = 2 agree action was present and 1 that it was not present).
\b \
\
Landmark Points: 
\b0 22 landmark points from the landmark tracker run on the videos. Column 1=x location of point 1, column 2 = y location of point 1, column 3 = x location of point 2,\'85 etc.  Locations of the landmarks on the face are shown in the paper (Figure 8). If a face is not detected within a frame the row will be set all to zeros.\

\b \
Baseline Classification: 
\b0 Baseline classifier (frame-by-frame) probabilities for AU2, AU4 and Smile.   If a face is not detected within a frame the values in the row will be set all to -1.\

\b \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 =================================================
\b \
\
Summary File: 
\b0 Contains the video id, the ad being watched and the self-report labels.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\i \cf0 Self-Report Responses:  
\i0 Responses from the viewer to three self-report questions asked after they had finished watching the ad.\
\

\i Questions
\i0 :\
\
Did you like the video?\
  2 = "Heck ya! I loved it."\
  1 = "Meh! It was ok."\
  0 = "Na\'85not my thing."\
  -1= No response.\
\
Have you seen it before?\
  2 = "Yes, many times"\
  1 = "Once or twice"\
  0 = "Nope, first time"\
  -1= No response.\
\
Would you watch this video again?\
  2 = "You bet!"
\b \
 
\b0  1 = "Maybe, if it cam on TV"\
  0 = " Ugh. Are you kidding?"\
  -1= No response.\
\
=================================================\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 \ul Citation:\

\b0 \ulnone If work using this data is published please cite the following publication:\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\i \cf0 "
\i0 Daniel McDuff, Rana el Kaliouby, Thibaud Senechal, May Amr, Jeffrey Cohn, Rosalind Picard
\i , Affectiva-MIT Facial Expression Dataset (AMFED): Naturalistic and Spontaneous Facial Expressions Collected ``In-the-Wild", 
\i0 Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition Workshops (CVPRW), 2010 IEEE Computer Society Conference on, 2013
\i "
\i0 \
\
You are free to use any of the image within the dataset in a research publication.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 \ul \

\b0 \ulnone =================================================
\b \ul \
\
Terms of Usage:\
\

\b0 \ulnone This data should not be distributed to second parties.\
It is for research and non-commercial use only.\
\
=================================================
\b \ul \

\b0 \ulnone \

\b \ul Contact:\

\b0 \ulnone \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 Please contact: 
\b0 djmcduff@media.mit.edu with any problems.  Put "AMFED" in the subject line.\
\
Daniel McDuff \'a9 2013
\b \ul \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 \ulnone \
}